Fix docs landing (#185)
tinacms/tinacms-site: content/docs/getting-started/introduction.md

To use Tina, you should have a good working knowledge of your JavaScript framework & JAMstack tools of choice.

> If you want to get started with some code right away, checkout the [Gatsby Quickstart](/docs/gatsby/quickstart) or [Next.js Overview](/docs/nextjs/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to get started with some code right away, check out the [Gatsby Quickstart](/docs/gatsby/quickstart) or [Next.js Overview](/docs/nextjs/overview).
```

## Core Concepts

If you want to dive deep, start by learning more about [how Tina works](/docs/getting-started/how-tina-works) and get familiar with some core concepts.

 - [Sidebar](/docs/concepts/sidebar)
 - [Forms](/docs/concepts/forms)
 - [Fields](/docs/concepts/fields)

>  - [Backends](/docs/concepts/backends)

Reviewer 2: Could we remove this concept link? I don’t it’s helpful for people

 - [Plugins](/docs/concepts/plugins)

## For Gatsby

- [Quickstart](/docs/gatsby/quickstart) with a Tina Starter to hit the ground running.
- [Manual Setup](/docs/gatsby/manual-setup) for adding Tina to an existing Gatsby site.

**Gatsby Starters**
- [Gatsby Blog Starter](https://github.com/tinacms/gatsby-starter-tinacms) with Tina — The classic Gatsby starter, but Tinified.
- [Tina Grande](https://github.com/tinacms/tina-starter-grande) — A more advanced starter to showcase the power of Tina.

> - [Tina Brevifolia](https://github.com/kendallstrautman/brevifolia-gatsby-tinacms) — A markdown-based blog with minimalist design and Tina for editing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tina Brevifolia](https://github.com/kendallstrautman/brevifolia-gatsby-tinacms) — A Markdown-based blog with minimalist design and Tina for editing.
```

Want to add your starter? Make a [PR](/docs/contributing/guidelines) to add your Tina site to this list.

## For Next.js

- [Next.js + Tina Overview](/docs/nextjs/overview) — Get started with the documentation
- Read an in-depth tutorial on [Using TinaCMS with Next.js](/blog/using-tinacms-with-nextjs/)

> - Checkout this sample [Next.js Markdown Blog](https://github.com/kendallstrautman/brevifolia-next-tinacms) with Tina configured for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check out this sample [Next.js Markdown Blog](https://github.com/kendallstrautman/brevifolia-next-tinacms) with Tina configured for reference.
```
